URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/southpark/comments/pi5ybn/south_park_is_very_different_from_other_adult/
Title: South Park is VERY different from other adult cartoons and cartoons ...
Rank: 9
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reddit - The heart of the internet
Skip to main content
We value your privacy
Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform.
For more information, please see our
Cookie Notice
and our
Privacy Policy
.
Go to southpark
r/southpark
r/southpark
RULES ON POLITICS
A subreddit dedicated to the ongoing events in the little town of South Park, Colorado.
Members
Online
•
[deleted]
South Park is VERY different from other adult cartoons and cartoons in general
I remember back in the 90s, a lot of Conservative Christians disliked the show but seems like in recent years, this has changed.
Thanks to episodes like Red Hot Catholic Love, Board Girls and the entirety of Season 19, a lot of Conservatives grew to like this show due to the shameless liberal bashing, which is weird considering that most adult cartoons tend to be strictly left leaning, including Family Guy.
South Park is a very apathetic show, everyone is an asshole, even the good guys like Kyle are sometimes meant to be in the wrong, the show attacks both sides but the politically correct side is the one that gets the most hate and is often but not always demonized and portrayed as being just as bad if worse than the alt right.
This is very ironic to me because when i first got into the show, i thought South Park was just yet another liberal adult cartoon like The Simpsons and Family Guy but throughout the years, i grew up to be more of a left leaning feminist and i noticed how the show is different from other cartoons because it doesn’t try to pander to progressives all the time and is very offensive if conservative with its morals in a funny way but sometimes it can be tiresome.
South Park IS different from other cartoons, it’s conservative but not in a way that is extremely fundamentalist and the show may mock both sides but the left is more bashed than the right.
Before you accuse me of being a man hating feminist or downvote this post for supposedly calling South Park alt right propaganda, I’m just pointing out how South Park is not like any other cartoon in existence and that’s what make it unique.
Read more
Archived post. New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast.
New to Reddit?
Create your account and connect with a world of communities.
Continue with Email
Continue With Phone Number
By continuing, you agree to our
User Agreement
and acknowledge that you understand the
Privacy Policy
.
RULES ON POLITICS
Public
Anyone can view, post, and comment to this community
Top Posts
Reddit
reReddit: Top posts of September 5, 2021
Reddit
reReddit: Top posts of September 2021
Reddit
reReddit: Top posts of 2021
Reddit Rules
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Reddit, Inc. © 2025. All rights reserved.
Expand Navigation
Collapse Navigation